---
layout: post
published: false
title: Oopsie
---
Hey, hey. It's been a while now. A lot of stuff happened, but nothing that should have really prevented me from blogging. Anyway, that's all for the mea culpa.

I remember receiving an email from someone who asked when I was going to blog again. Sadly, I lost it and I believe I never answered. I guess I'm writing this partly for you.

I came back from Norway something like the end of July last year. If you know me, you know I have a shitty memory. I can't remember the names of people I've spent time with. I can't remember the birthdates of people I love. People forgive this, saying that a lot of stuff happens in my life, but maybe I'm just uncaring. Or it's neurologic. Whichever the reason is, I tend to remember only the most random things in a very detailed manner, so when it comes to making a timeline of what happened after I left Norway, — ugh… 

*I said a lot of things after so details about event are in quotes.*

1. Leaving Norway and the people who hosted. Thank you again, I had a wonderful time.
2. Hitchhiking down to Europe in five days with no break. Remarkably, I had very little incentive to stop on my way. I wanted to go to the Hitchgathering and home for a while. This was enough to make me let go of my original goal of going back through Finland, Sweden and maybe even Russia. The latter is sadly less conceivable now because of the current events.

> One thing to note about Northern Norway in summer, is that it feels very safe because of the sun shining from 0200 to 0155. Since there is only one road (E6) with a 90 kmh speed limit, you can hitchhike from almost anywhere and there is traffic even during the late hours. All this means that my hitchhiking hours were very much out of the ordinary, with my day often starting at 1100 and ending at 0100 in the morning.

Coming back to Southern Norway—there is no Western or Eastern Norway since the country is pretty much one big strip—was a sort-of surprise. There was night! Starting at Trondheim is the highway again. The part between Trondheim (or Trondhjem as one person told me—you'd be surprised by the number of dialects in Norway) and Oslo was pretty slow the first time. I was therefore a bit scared. But pickup was quick this time as I got dropped in a village with a nice speed limit full of people crossing through on their way to Oslo. I remember now the guy who picked me up was a teacher living in a town south of the capital (Friedricksomething). It was a long way to go, around seven hours, and I can only note that it was the only time I spoke with my driver for the whole ride. One long interesting conversation.

I'm getting lost here a bit again.

3. Now I don't remember if I went to visit the people hosting the HG2021 before or after Norway, but I believe after. I'm too lazy to check dates. So, I stayed in Geneva for a week and then hitchhiked to a [Lieu-dit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lieu-dit) called La Framondié where I discovered a wonderful nature and discussed a lot with the people there to organize the gathering.

_On the way back from La Framondié, I got picked up by a family of three living in their caravan. They were not going the right way but looked so interesting that I got in with them. They were working in a circus and had a three or so years old daughter. They said that, opposite to their friends, they were not going to stop traveling because they had a kid. They had DIYed a crêpes-making-icecream-selling-trailer that they planned to go to Croatia with in the summer to make money to buy a bigger caravan. I liked this couple because they were surpisingly patient and strong-willed in living their life the way they wanted. They had built their home in the cheapest area of France almost entirely themselves. That's something I'll never have the strenght to._

4. The gathering happened a few weeks later. It was, while an interesting social experiment, a complete mess in my opinion. I blame it on the COVID. Yeah, fuck COVID. Everything was setup to have a nice gathering with workshops and all, but on the first few days someone felt sick and was tested positive for the now-famous sickness. This was before the restrictions lift and it instantly divided our community in groups.

_I was very proud though. Even if it was the most tiring gathering I ever had, everyone was trying the hardest they could to have community debates and an inclusive process for everybody to talk about what measures we should implement. Retrospectively, I'm sad about the point-of-view I had during the discussions, but I know it was, both for me and some other people I spoke to at the end, an source of enlightment about exclusion and the impossibility of including people in discussions about exclusion. While we might have lost some humanity (whatever that means) at the gathering, we had an incredibly *alerting* experience on the direction our society can take under some conditions. The end of the gathering had everyone too tired of debating and was a much calmer and enjoyable time._

5. I left some stuff at La Framondié, I should get it back.

Uh.

5. After the gathering, the various now-friends groups split up in different directions.

It's crazy how I have trouble putting everything together in a straigt line. Please keep on reading, because I'm really making an effort here.

- My favourite lituanians (*non-derogatory-term*) bought a Brit' car for 500 EUR and decided to drive back to their home country—I can note they lived more in London than in the latter.
- I hitchhiked with a French girl from the gathering to visit the squat of the most incredebly crazy group of travelers-punk-whatever I met (the Nakamas—yes, One Piece).
- Meanwhile, some friends hitchhiked and hiked near Andorra to stay in a mountain hut. I planned on joining them later.

Staying at the squat in Barcelona I met some people that really strongly left a mark on me. I also got to enjoy a lifestyle I already knew but which I never was able to try fully. If I can point out one thing of public interest to me and my readers, is that all the people at this place were the liviest and the  *freest* spirits I've ever met in my life. I can not insist more. Also, there was always someone playing music somewhere and that's really nice.

6. After one week there, I hitchhiked to Andorra. The French girl had already left to meet some friends in Barcelona. I hitchhiked in a day and it was a bit short because I stopped to visit the capital although wanted to do the walk to one mountain hut on the way so I could sleep.



Landscapes in the Pyrenees are to me, Swiss person, much prettier than the Alps. I got to the hut, started a fire and went to sleep.

The second part of this straight was the toughest because I had a 6 hours hike accross the mountains from Andorra 

